Update from json_feeds: http://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-04-07-aquainfra-eosc-and-galaxy/ (#271)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/json_bot/galaxy_news/2025-04-07-aquainfra-eosc-and-galaxy-global_group1.md

---
media:
- linkedin-galaxyproject
hashtags:
  linkedin-galaxyproject:
  - UseGalaxy
  - GalaxyProject
  - EOSC
  - EuroScienceGateway
---
AquaINFRA project is going to use the Galaxy platform as the central component of their Virtual Research Environment (VRE).

> http://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-04-07-aquainfra-eosc-and-galaxy/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Science dives deep!
AquaINFRA integrates Galaxy into their ecosystem—empowering researchers to access, analyze, and share aquatic & marine data through FAIR workflows.
https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-04-07-aquainfra-eosc-and-galaxy/
```
